[Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=top-interview-150)

# Intuition
To determine if a ransom note can be constructed from the letters available in a magazine, we need to check if every character in the ransom note can be found in the magazine with sufficient frequency. The first thought is to use a hash map to count the occurrences of each character in the magazine and then verify if the ransom note can be formed using these counts.

# Approach
1. **Edge Case Check**: If the length of the ransom note is greater than the magazine, it's impossible to construct the ransom note, so return `false`.
2. **Count Characters in Magazine**: Use a hash map to count the frequency of each character in the magazine.
3. **Check Characters in Ransom Note**: Iterate through each character in the ransom note:
   - If the character is found in the map and has a non-zero frequency, decrement the frequency in the map.
   - If the character is not found or its frequency is zero, return `false`.
4. **Return Result**: If all characters in the ransom note can be matched with the characters in the magazine, return `true`.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $$O(n + m)$$, where $$n$$ is the length of the magazine and $$m$$ is the length of the ransom note. This is because we iterate through both strings once.
- Space complexity: $$O(k)$$, where $$k$$ is the number of unique characters in the magazine. This space is used by the hash map to store character counts.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public boolean canConstruct(String ransomNote, String magazine) {
        if(ransomNote.length() > magazine.length()) return false;

        Map<Character, Integer> map = new HashMap<>();
        for(char c: magazine.toCharArray()){
            map.put(c, map.getOrDefault(c, 0) + 1);
        }

        for(char c: ransomNote.toCharArray()){
            if(map.containsKey(c)){
                int frequency = map.get(c);
                if(frequency == 0) return false;
                map.put(c, frequency - 1);
            } else {
                return false;
            }
        }

        return true;
    }
}
```