[Contains Duplicate 2](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/description/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=top-interview-150)

# Intuition
The problem is to check if there are any duplicate numbers in the array such that the indices of the duplicate numbers are at most `k` positions apart. My first thought is to use a hash map to store the indices of the numbers and check the difference in indices whenever a duplicate is found.

# Approach
1. **Hash Map for Indices**: Use a hash map to store the index of each number as we iterate through the array.
2. **Iterate Through Array**: For each number in the array:
   - Use the `put` method of the hash map to store the current index of the number. The `put` method returns the previous index of the number if it existed.
   - If the number already existed in the map (`put` method returns a non-null value), check the difference between the current index and the previous index.
   - If the difference is less than or equal to `k`, return `true`.
3. **Return False if No Duplicates**: If the loop completes without finding any duplicates within the given range, return `false`.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $$O(n)$$, where $$n$$ is the number of elements in the array. This is because we iterate through each element once and hash map operations (put and get) have average time complexity of $$O(1)$$.
- Space complexity: $$O(n)$$, where $$n$$ is the number of elements in the array. This is due to the space used by the hash map to store the indices of the elements.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public boolean containsNearbyDuplicate(int[] nums, int k) {
        Map<Integer, Integer> index = new HashMap<>();
        for (int i = 0; i < nums.length; i++) {
            Integer j = index.put(nums[i], i); // put() returns previous value associated with the given key or null if key didn't exist
            if (j != null && (i - j) <= k) {
                return true;
            }
        }
        return false;
    }
}
```