# Intuition
The given code solves the Equal Sum Partition problem using dynamic programming. The problem statement is to determine if an array can be partitioned into two subsets such that the sum of elements in both subsets is equal. The intuition behind the solution is to reduce the problem to the Subset Sum problem and use a dynamic programming approach to solve it efficiently.

# Approach
The approach to solve the Equal Sum Partition problem is as follows:
1. Calculate the sum of all elements in the array.
2. If the sum is odd, return 0 as it is not possible to partition the array into two subsets with equal sum.
3. If the sum is even, divide it by 2 to get the target sum for each subset.
4. Create a 2D boolean DP table of size `(N+1) x (sum/2 + 1)`, where `N` is the number of elements in the array and `sum/2` is the target sum for each subset.
5. Initialize the base cases:
   - Set `t[i][0] = true` for all `i` from 0 to `N`, as an empty subset can always have a sum of 0.
   - Set `t[0][i] = false` for all `i` from 1 to `sum/2`, as an empty array cannot have a non-zero sum.
6. Fill the DP table using the following recurrence relation:
   - If `arr[i-1] <= j`, then `t[i][j] = t[i-1][j-arr[i-1]] || t[i-1][j]`.
   - Else, `t[i][j] = t[i-1][j]`.
7. Return `t[N][sum/2]`, which represents whether it is possible to partition the array into two subsets with equal sum.

# Complexity
- Time complexity:
$$O(N \times sum)$$, where `N` is the number of elements in the array and `sum` is the sum of all elements in the array. The DP table is filled once for each cell, resulting in a total of `(N+1) x (sum/2 + 1)` iterations.

- Space complexity:
$$O(N \times sum)$$ to store the 2D DP table of size `(N+1) x (sum/2 + 1)`.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    static int equalPartition(int N, int arr[]) {
        // code here
        int sum = 0;
        for (int i : arr) {
            sum += i;
        }
        if ((sum % 2) == 1) return 0;
        
        // now the problem is reduced to subset sum
        sum /= 2;
        boolean[][] t = new boolean[N+1][sum+1];
        
        for (int i = 0; i <= N; i++) {
            t[i][0] = true;
        }
        
        for (int i = 1; i <= sum; i++) {
            t[0][i] = false;
        }
        
        for (int i = 1; i <= N; i++) {
            for (int j = 1; j <= sum; j++) {
                if (arr[i-1] <= j) {
                    t[i][j] = t[i-1][j-arr[i-1]] || t[i-1][j];
                } else {
                    t[i][j] = t[i-1][j];
                }
            }
        }
        
        return t[N][sum] ? 1 : 0;
    }
}
```

The code uses a bottom-up dynamic programming approach to fill the DP table and determine if it is possible to partition the array into two subsets with equal sum. It returns 1 if it is possible and 0 otherwise.