[Roman To Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=top-interview-150)

# Intuition
To convert a Roman numeral to an integer, we need to understand the values of the individual Roman numeral characters and how they interact. Typically, Roman numerals are added from left to right. However, if a smaller numeral appears before a larger numeral, it is subtracted from the larger one. This leads us to consider both addition and subtraction depending on the order of the numerals.

# Approach
1. Create a map to store the integer values corresponding to each Roman numeral character.
2. Initialize a variable to hold the result.
3. Convert the input string to a character array for easier traversal.
4. Start by adding the value of the last character to the result.
5. Iterate through the character array from the second last character to the first:
   - If the value of the current character is less than the value of the previous character, subtract the current character's value from the result.
   - Otherwise, add the current character's value to the result.
6. Update the previous character to the current one after each iteration.
7. Return the result after the loop completes.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $$O(n)$$, where $$n$$ is the length of the input string. We process each character once.
- Space complexity: $$O(1)$$, since we use a fixed amount of extra space regardless of the input size.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int romanToInt(String s) {
        Map<Character, Integer> map = new HashMap<Character, Integer>();
        map.put('I', 1);
        map.put('V', 5);
        map.put('X', 10);
        map.put('L', 50);
        map.put('C', 100);
        map.put('D', 500);
        map.put('M', 1000);

        int result = 0;
        char[] arr = s.toCharArray();
        char prev = arr[arr.length - 1];
        result += map.get(prev);
        for (int i = arr.length - 2; i >= 0; i--) {
            if (map.get(prev) > map.get(arr[i])) {
                result -= map.get(arr[i]);
            } else {
                result += map.get(arr[i]);
            }
            prev = arr[i];
        }
        return result;
    }
}
```