[Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/description/)

# Intuition
The given code solves the problem of determining whether a number is a happy number or not. A happy number is a number that eventually reaches 1 when replaced by the sum of the squares of its digits repeatedly. The code uses the Floyd's Cycle-Finding Algorithm (also known as the "tortoise and hare" algorithm) to detect cycles in the sequence of numbers generated by the digit square sum process.

# Approach
1. The `isHappy` method takes an integer `n` as input.
2. Initialize two pointers, `slow` and `fast`, both pointing to the digit square sum of `n` (calculated using the `cal` method).
3. Move the `slow` pointer one step at a time by calling `cal(slow)`, and move the `fast` pointer two steps at a time by calling `cal(cal(fast))`.
4. If `n` is a happy number, the `slow` and `fast` pointers will eventually meet at 1. If `n` is not a happy number, the pointers will meet at a number other than 1, indicating a cycle.
5. If the `slow` and `fast` pointers meet and their value is 1, return `true` since `n` is a happy number. Otherwise, return `false`.

The `cal` method is a helper function that calculates the sum of the squares of the digits of a given number:
1. Initialize a variable `ans` to store the sum of the squares of the digits.
2. While `num` is greater than 0:
   - Extract the last digit of `num` using `num % 10` and store it in `remainder`.
   - Add the square of `remainder` to `ans`.
   - Divide `num` by 10 to remove the last digit.
3. Return the value of `ans`.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $O(\log n)$
  - In the worst case, the number of iterations required to reach 1 or detect a cycle is proportional to the number of digits in the input number. The number of digits is bounded by $\log n$.
  - The `cal` method has a time complexity of $O(\log n)$ since it iterates over the digits of the number.
- Space complexity: $O(1)$
  - The code uses a constant amount of extra space for the `slow`, `fast`, `remainder`, and `ans` variables, regardless of the input size.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public boolean isHappy(int n) {
        int slow = cal(n);
        int fast = cal(cal(n));

        while(slow != fast){
            slow = cal(slow);
            fast = cal(cal(fast));
        }

        return slow == 1;
    }

    int cal(int num){
        int ans = 0;
        while(num > 0){
            int remainder = num % 10;
            ans += remainder * remainder;
            num /= 10;
        }
        return ans;
    }
}
```